Document new rate limiter settings (#489)
directus/docs: content/configuration/email.md

When overriding the default email templates, make sure to include the provided `url` somewhere to ensure the email is functional.

## Email Rate Limiting

> See https://directus.io/docs/configuration/security-limits#email-rate-limiter

Author: How do we do internal links?

Reviewer: Should be as follows:

```suggestion
Emails can be rate limited by opting in to our [email rate limiters](/configuration/security-limits)
```

> Emails can be rate limited by opting in to our [email rate limiters](/configuration/security-limits)

Reviewer: I believe we can link the direct section via 
```suggestion
Emails can be rate limited by opting in to our [email rate limiters](/configuration/security-limits#email-rate-limiting)
```
